docs: add private registry for PXKE (#5736)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/site-deployment/deploy-custom-registries/deploy-external-registry.md

6.  Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

7.  From the left **Main Menu**, click on **Profiles**. Then select the profile you are using to deploy the cluster.

8.  Go through each layer of the profile and ensure that all images referenced in the profile are present in the
    external registry. If you do not want to do this manually image by image, refer to
    [Upload Cluster Images to External Registry with Palette Edge CLI](./upload-images-to-registry.md) to learn how to
    use the Palette Edge CLI to upload all images in a cluster profile to an external registry.

9.  In the Kubernetes layer of your cluster profile, remove `AlwaysPullImages` from
    `cluster.config.clusterConfiguration.apiServer.extraArgs.enable-admission-plugins`.

    For example, if the original `enable-admission-plugins` parameter is the following.

    ```yaml
    enable-admission-plugins: AlwaysPullImages,NamespaceLifecycle,ServiceAccount,NodeRestriction
    ```

    The resulting layer configuration should look like the following.

    ```yaml
    enable-admission-plugins: NamespaceLifecycle,ServiceAccount,NodeRestriction
    ```

> 10. (Optional) The provider image contains images of core Kubernetes such as the Kubernetes API server and scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. (Optional) The provider image contains images of core Kubernetes, such as the Kubernetes API server and scheduler.
```

>     These core images are loaded directly from the provider image to the container runtime. If you also want to load
>     these images from the external registry instead of from the provider image, you need to explicitly specify them
>     depending on which Kubernetes distribution you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, these core images are loaded directly from the provider image to the container runtime. If you prefer to retrieve these core images from an external registry instead, you must explicitly specify their sources
    depending on your Kubernetes distribution.
```
